.\" https://home.fnal.gov/~mengel/man_page_notes.html
.TH EXEPACK 1 "2019-01-26"
.nh .\" Disable hyphenation.
.ad l .\" Ragged right
.SH NAME
exepack \- compress or decompress DOS executables with EXEPACK
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B exepack
.RI [ OPTION ]...\&
.I INPUT.EXE
.I OUTPUT.EXE
.SH DESCRIPTION
.P
Compress (the default)
or decompress (\c
.B -d
option)
a DOS executable with EXEPACK,
a format for self-extracting executables.
.TP
.B --debug
Print runtime debugging information to standard error.
.TP
.B -d
.TQ
.B --decompress
Decompress mode.
.TP
.B --help
Display help and exit.
.P
The exit status is 0 for successful operation,
255 for an EXEPACK format error,
or 1 for any other error.
.SH EXAMPLES
.P
Compress a file.
.RS
.ft CW
exepack unpacked.exe packed.exe
.ft P
.RE
.P
Decompress a file.
.RS
.ft CW
exepack -d packed.exe unpacked.exe
.ft P
.RE
.SH NOTES
.P
This program only works with 16-bit DOS MZ executables.
It does not work with other formats
that happen to have a ".exe" filename extension,
such as the PE (Portable Executable) format
used for Windows executables,
If you try to compress a PE file,
you will only end up compressing the DOS stub
(the short program that prints
"This program cannot be run in DOS mode").
The program will print a warning like:
.RS
warning: EXE file size is 1168; ignoring
.I
NUM
.R trailing bytes
.RE
.P
There are several versions of the EXEPACK format,
with slight differences.
This program heuristically tries to determine
which format is in use.
It is known to work with at least these versions
(version numbers were determined by comparing
known formats against the labeled signatures
in Ben Castricum's UNP utility):
.IP \(bu
EXEPACK 4.00, 4.03, 4.05, 4.06
.IP \(bu
LINK /EXEPACK 3.60, 3.64, 3.65, 3.69, 5.01.21
.P
In compress mode, this program tries to produce files
that, in addition to being self-extracting,
use the same file offsets as EXEPACK 4.05/4.06,
which is the format documented at
http://www.shikadi.net/moddingwiki/Microsoft_EXEPACK#File_Format.
This is to retain compatibility with other external decompressors.
In decompress mode,
if the input resembles EXEPACK
(i.e., contains the string "Packed file is corrupt")
but the precise format isn't recognized,
it will display the EXEPACK header and executable stub,
and ask you to email them to the author so
that the format can be supported in the future.
.SH SEE ALSO
.P
https://www.bamsoftware.com/software/exepack/
.SH AUTHOR
.P
David Fifield <david@bamsoftware.com>
